the project asks us to tell a story from data. I think we should focus on a subset of the data that looks interesting. For example, from the map above it is quite obvious that a lot of kiwis (NZers) travel to Europe. the thickiness of the line = number of travel reviews. the colour of the line denotes the country they visits. Gold colour is UK.

Out of the 511624 reviews in database, 3222 travellers (0.6%) came from NZ. However, NZ has a population of 4.6mio and that is only 0.06% of world's population.

And given that Madrid, Spain is directly opposite to Christchurch, NZ on the globe. Us Kiwis are really making an effort to get there. Perhaps we can try to tell a story

I think topic is to tell a story using only 3 charts. So maybe we can start with a target audience and purpose. E.g. how to Target NZ travellers in Europe? Maybe a chart on geographical split of where people go using maps, a review based chart on what people think of the hotels using word cloud or language recognition. And a trend on when people travel looking at seasonal patterns.. Or to summerise 1.when people travel 2. Where they travel / live 3. How they choose good accommodations
User Avatar
From the prof: Target audience: 1) Executive summary is for company's executives to make decisions, 2) RMarkdown and Jupyter notebook for other analysts 3) Presentation for us/classmates. For 3) we want to see how you applied theories you learned from lectures to justify your design choices.

Question: Our team have several questions for the Final Project.

1. Along with Tim's point, our team have confused with the concept of company's executives' There would be several possible definitions:
1. The company can be a travel agent company, so our goal is to find a better way to help individual travellers find the most suitable hotel.
2. A company owns all the hotels and would like to find how to improve the services.
3. The hotel company own only one hotel, and would like to know how to improve.
2. The project introduction mentions " 3 static figures". Show the figures be strickly static or can also be interactive?
3. For the 3 figures, do they need to tell the same story or can be different?
For example, if we find 3 points which can be beneficial for the company's executives, are the points necessary to be on the same topic?

Thanks very much.
Answer: 1) It is up to you and your team to define who the company's executives are. Choose a story that you and your team find most interesting. 2) 3 static figures only applies to the executive summary deliverable. 3) 3 figures can highlight different aspects of findings from your analysis. If you think 2 different representation of one key finding is beneficial and justifiable, you can do that too.

FYI for the travel connection map I drew using the entire dataset before, it took 5 hours to run the code, and the map was not easy to read.

if we focus on the domestic users, at least any maps we draw can be more zoomed in and easier to interpret.

let me know if you have other preferences



Plots:

Relation between Positive, Negative and Tags
Relation between Country and Tags
Scatter Map based on Positive and negative reviews
Word Cloud
